---
layout:      post
title:       Release Notes 7.0.7
date:        2020-11-03 17:40:28
author:      Balasys Development Team
categories:
  - blog
  - release notes
---

Fixes
-----

#### Moderate

* Earlier, kZorp daemon refreshed the *Zone* configuration in the kernel, even 
  when it was not necessary. Now, it works properly and *Zone* configuration is 
  refreshed if and only if the IP addresses have been changed related to a 
  hostname.
  Consequently only *Zone* configurations containing hostname entries are
  affected.
* The kernel module (kZorp) was not able to load if the `ipvlan` module had also
  been loaded earlier and generated an error message to the kernel log. Now, the
  problem area has been handled properly and any kernel module can be 
  loaded which creates network namespaces, without endangering the functionality
  of the kZorp kernel module.
* Earlier, certain types of internet browsers (e.g.: Google Chrome) displayed 
  timeout-related error pages, generated by Zorp, right after the user had tried
  to visit a website. The reason for this type of operation is that some clients
  try to initiate a Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) connection to a 
  predicted server, which is likely to be visited by the user in the near 
  future. When the connection is timed out, Zorp sends an error page back, 
  the browser caches it and displays it to the user when the site is actually 
  visited. Now, Zorp sucessfully handles this behaviour of the browsers by 
  closing the transport layer connection instead of sending an error page to 
  the application layer.
* The certificate verification mechanism was changed unintentionally. Prior 
  to Zorp 7.0.3, when Zorp detected a missing CRL during the certificate 
  verification process, it considered the option `permit_missing_crl` and if
  it was set to the value `TRUE` the certificate was considered trusted. 
  With Zorp 7.0.4, 7.0.5 and 7.0.6 the certificate was considered 
  untrusted independently of the value of `permit_missing_crl` option. 
  Now the option `permit_missing_crl` is considered again and the verification
  process functions as it did prior to Zorp 7.0.3 and according to 
  documentation.
